hi everybody this is hailey Caitlin show
today is a very special day you want a
why what because we didn't need any
peanuts today it was difficult and we
hope you all entered the contest so here
is our tribute a very special tribute to
grade Garbowsky go here to solve for our
friend ray Carter the bullet he was paid
to play with the brothers in the bench
toward enough us all over this land
he plays bass has a beautiful thing on
May nineteenth heat down his place to
the garbage can he's a man he'll burn it
up yo G to the a to the RV oh you got
peanut he says no he rocks on stage
during the show if you don't love him
you are home he eat cereal all day long
from 1988 dude that's just wrong got a
blog it's named Raj and even John
Edwards dig this dog
great e to the a to the heartbeat no you
keep it no he rocks on stage during the
show 0 thank you i won't go here to zone
for our friend greg our jersey boy he
was back to tour the scene with the
jonas teeth living the dream baby live
in the tree we hope you all enjoyed the
very special wrap that we wrote
ourselves alien caitlin and original
just like teacher our t-shirts we are
wearing and what they say as they say on
May nineteenth 2005 a band was born dot
dot dot it all started in a bathroom
stall at Citizens Bank Ballpark and
picture either Darbo has an egg-shaped
head or that is a hat